and then kisses good night brasília 16dejulho thursday 19 hours
it's not showing there is no more elisângela there our step file of pounds is ok
appearing, right, so I have a clothes to stay healthy here since I’m
contaminated according to the exam on yesterday I am away here from there close to
languages ​​last week I don’t know the pleasure that scolds
first lady right then first lady properly and correctly warned me
because I had to have an idea of ​​languages ​​I agree last week it was not possible to
do that then she couldn’t stand by me
it's because I'm not infected yet I hope God wants to stay free there
next days with another exam here is very light also a little quick i
I apologize for that it's always good to have someone on my side to have the
contradictory is to touch on other subjects that have some specialist on my side
right, how I wish our minister of structure had our
captain tarcísio i will see if next week i have a good time and show up here if
well I confess this story here very well get on my side today here the
message wages from the environment or evaristo miranda and embrapa is a
deep man with knowledge of the Amazon region he is from Embrapa so it would be
an exceptional person to talk to you so ask until the radio
young pan ok guys we're watching i'm going out with you
invited to take hope to talk about burning Amazon
and environmental equations generally legal reserve one thing only exists
in Brazil because this drop in information is easy, right? So we have
problems because brazil the power in the lake business europe there is a sect
environmental they will preserve nothing your your your environment practically
nothing is hardly heard of reforestation in the region all the time
active over ours and unfairly because it is a commercial fight
ok too, in the past there was interest in the name of the Amazon region and today is the day
interest all over Brazil so we are bombed 24 hours a day
exactly is is not inspiration losing the information war is that part of
video much of the media takes the time to criticize the same as ugly
in previous governments that is still environmental heart in Brazil I heard
say in fact right in the average heat seal and burnt there is a difference
between one thing and another in Brazil we are below the average 12 in
last years so it’s not that we’re doing well there’s something to do there’s boss
this trauma all this stir that they do is how much Brazil in this
question here so about heat alerts that there is the clip country is 90
percent already happens in open end areas you will never end by
the other side is also the indigenous, right, the native is the riverside caboclo he does
constantly this is in his won where he lives and when it comes to amazon
cool but I'm wrong your name status is nine states and a part of these
states a large part of and now the other smaller part is not
wrong promise where is the source the Amazon rainforest region and there is man
legally on land eighty percent legal reserve nothing can be done but
you do and we lost a few days ago here stayed with the provisional measure she
new president fishing with the national band is works here on the side here
in front of that one that was aimed at land legalization, that is
today there is land and the guy is there knows that he is there all he practices burning we know
this being cool is not cool you are often do not know there is no way to know if there
but if you have these, how to regularize that area of ​​your body, use each body measure
that the left still has a very strong force within parliament and I say no
enters the house of the body that was left to enter into a vote if it had entered into a vote
it would have been your voice and now then it was not on the agenda it was
voting and ended up yielding the provisional measure to have this approval
in these areas it has regularized it and once it has detected the satellite it does not
hot spot or burning whatever you would have to know quickly if it was
within the legal reserve or not and that the owner of that area and you could
person without any problem as long as this doesn't happen pressure from the left that
theme is despite that I admire very cool on the left in Brazil pt growing well that
only the judge basically those parts come back often the network losing having is has
power of another together on the bed together of the table of the chamber not to put to a vote and
so then our we are all the time accused rightly and unfairly of mistreating the
Brazil's environment and the company is part of the public press lies to
In this respect, the company is able to see until it transmits what it
and then I’m out there in Europe and as I said no, I’m the environmental person
is considered a sect of that public matter there criticizing the Brazil of
company that same press that published lies is diaper the number is right
republic whatever it is to criticize it must be threatening all the time the
government deserves close treatment of the environment
ae and made it very clear here again here right ninety percent of these outbreaks
of heat and she will dream already deforested is not a new example five percent on land
indigenous is the Indian who does it for so much is that we brought not a child is
and it is not yet foreseen you do not decree not allowed to burn by the
Brazil all over for four months now I'll get you just here I know you're out
of this prohibition here the Caboclo Indian cancel but no longer this
small is the man who is there in the interior of Brazil these next
years the enormous that we have ahead it will have access to decree not as it is
that he will cultivate something you do not cultivate this year this year there was no
running next is more of a problem than ahead now what is missing for the
day that the government can for all of us is responsible must to address that
subject otherwise from brazil to continue being massacred all the time
harmed in what is working here in Brazil, I take the business
for us the locomotive of our economy I remember
collective meeting in september was september of last year but i did a
pronouncement there and on social networks I went there already to see if you are now there
traditional media was criticized so I saw that I was doing the right thing
between things I say and today in Brazil we have 14 percent
and returns shows tagged with the beginning of the 14
hello you worth an area approximately for sale southeast region
attaches minas são paulo rio and santo santo and obviously
and what europe would like us to do what in this government of mine that up to 22
us the past and 14 to twenty percent to do for you simply in
it would make agribusiness Brazil and friendship possible now look what is happening
guys can you be a witness in your respective state I'm here with
I believe here not 200 xerox of composers receive the owners of
lots where pains i know that in portuguese the plural that doesn’t end is that you put it is
that's back colt revolvers doc the foreign language without smelling like
technique than the aggravated one, but I must have more than 100 units
and they are so here you see here yesterday doctor all over Brazil supporting us
supporting the government jair bolsonaro comes from the rural producer and then i took it here
here the egg here for me extremely important ok is the guru of the son of our
land has to serve the city of want and then
the mother there in são paulo so as in Brazil all over almost every state in the
brazil government support generates girl i'm not paying anything i'm not encouraging to do
this here it comes from the heart of the Brazilian people as it happened during the
campaign I only did some of the even because there was no pt standardization in another
party said it was going to see filed a representation in the tse for abuse of power
economic judged two weeks right we won by 7 to 0 sobral ceará mistake
so you have in your place in Brazil all over Brazil the standardization is coming out and
special here i kill hi google
rio grande do sul são paulo to cáceres mato grosso antónio joão Quatro grande
southern we beat his squad squad a cavalry regiment there
in uberlândia minas gerais presidente prudente ouro preto do Oeste right
thanks to you who makes the demonstration is voluntary is of right affection
knowledge has our work here and that comes great peace here from the producer
rural is what is working in Brazil is letting the sky also that approximately
four months we exchanged the gift of porto de santos and for
coincidence or not in the last four months the record-breaking record of
export I don't just get there the product right you have to have a structure
so that product can be quickly delivered to ships and
taken abroad then agribusiness not right now as everything is right just take
nobody shoots neguinho is with the wrong stone other than fruit right
hi and agribusiness being very good for Brazil there was no unemployment just
worked in the field differently from the city where
there are many governors and mayors of the fleece I participate look down have closed who
will say you were right there will be history now the reality you remember
and when I spoke here in the back, we have two problems to solve
in the position of life, right maintenance of life and maintenance of jobs and things
are married what that much of the bible do all the time hits me what
that many people for me success made me up to the wall and see for the time
fight matter but it would be comment was personal saying right life you don't
recovers economy so look no one wants anyone to die from illness
none in my mother is 93 years old I would like
and even more we know that the person at that age any problem here arrives
snow can get very complicated right
and now the numbers are going to say to him mind has increased the number of suicide
by unemployment, depression or other illnesses people who had problems
more health doesn’t go to the hospital for fear of the virus so these numbers start
appear and now the press begins to show what I was saying
back so that when you spoke back there it wasn’t on the wave it wasn’t on
politically correct early alone against the tide is not an easy idea just said
also right, he’s alone the world’s leading public that talks about it and edit
back anything we have here now here I go here at the headquarters
press the hair
and here I’m going to round hard here not seventy percent of the Brazilian
stayed until the spending could be cut spending left to buy some
the second poll economy also seventy percent said they were afraid of the
unemployment
and I had in jaraguá avenida araguari minas gerais i'm training with this
week at the federal highway police station I stayed a couple of
hours there talking to the people the people just get to the other lane there too
pay hit me also was together making ring reaction setra and there ooa
people told me that the number of pedestrians being run over increased by three in the
track in the last two months here because then we say that we think it is little
running over suicide is not proven but our feeling
for the conversation with the family that could be for sure suicide the
element catches the company is married to his son, don't you think losing black?
there is also the informal one and what it said was right to sell right there
cat barbecue sold one of gave the tea on the beach the male inside the beach is
of a popsicle comes here home football city lose job and can't imagine
suffocates him with these people wanting to sell work produce in addition to not
to have on the market there is why it was also by some governors and
mayors with struggles with prison look at the situation that we got right and then I
I will appear the problems each with their responsibility I am not blaming
nobody is here, the matter I'm always lying, putting out a hammer
franciele and four out of ten companies closed
due to academy four out of ten companies closed want to die more
now you can even reopen the more will have to start from scratch again 1.3 million
99% small business is that guy who had a two three
90 employees not because everybody can you take into account here
rounded numbers rounding please 1.3 million average four of almost
almost five million formal jobs lost here to
that closing five million informals looks at the problem that it doesn’t
put it ah it's right in front of us right now let's preserve life like this now
I repeat I repeated here I'm sorry he's watching here already ask when
decided to go back to the flattening of the cross is the
domain a diet right a boring the curve was the word of the night minister right
example way i will pick up bodies on the street sowing panic in brazil the great
the media also giving a very strong force, I’m home-made, boring
curve what is the fall here and Brazil you stopped, you can
that hospitals could care for the infected had no vaccine had no
but I don't have a vaccine yet and we don't have any proven medicine
scientifically we have not yet scientifically proven the objective
to answer we are seeing several states left over bed thanks to
God, then, that starting to open is because the crisis due to lack of jobs
boat suicide depression is coming for anyone boss has to decide
me and here at
the poorly made decision is an indecision decided to take yes look at the study
American here from the tank where the governor is not put the for 185 for
percent of those contaminated are at home they were contaminated by relatives
home so some thanks rose touching that nobody said that nobody was going
dying because of the color more so much kiko is dying unfortunately now I
I will use I think auntie how to decrease the number of works divide as
to every day and are hansen that at least seventy percent of the population is going
be infected don't take care what the taller the older you have diseases
a good friendship and sooner or later that these two
I wouldn't be on the day of being infected by the virus either. I have a
reality is not that we are going to open it, let's leave it
there is no problem with the ex, because years ago the carnival the federal government
had spoken this problem year channel resolving to run loose I said accounts
money for the state, right, this is more geared towards carnival
now what happens we can't keep smothering the economy
you cannot understand here the lack of salary the lack of forest and more than
the virus itself is that it’s difficult, I’m wrong to say that then I
I have to have more responsibility so that I'm having it I could stay
quiet after all supreme federal court said that whoever decides everything in this
healthy area was in paris and has still been p
the capital of the colony is forbidden here, if you have no alternative
because it is forbidden and has no scientific evidence to be effective but it also does not
has proof of feeling that I don’t want to put what I don’t have like me
spend very beautiful effective that doesn’t even have a reality now has
a lot of people when they take my case the next day in their mouths left the
symptoms ah and has studying was is calling now
also favorable and your routine why cool has no alternative I will
imagine in a while that will have scientific proof
whoever says what will get me those who banned their states
forbidding their municipalities to use this one how many voices could be avoided
me too now for him there to introduce him anitta right i'm not a doctor
I do not recommend anything to anyone and recognize that you see a doctor what
that you have a relative there a friend the elderly here have symptoms look for a
doctor doctor apply attractive melissa or not melissa anitta or not that the
sir recommends the beginning will say something see if
go talk and go home and I know the group if you want my particular case
Okay, right away when I feel the symptoms on the Monday before last
I got the doctor from the presidency. There are some doctors here who do not care only
I didn’t see hundreds of people and said the symptoms
present so you more responsibility we will trigger is not
my word ready resolved tournament stop at around 17 hours ago 5 hours from
morning I took a dose today or tomorrow you were without any problem the little
fever sickness but in jordan malaise drowsiness tiredness forward is over
good then we are we have a problem ahead and there is no treatment
effective there nor a native painter his color that some didn’t say I’m being
poster boy this one I'm not poster boy I'm not
encouraging you to take nothing will guide you to look for a doctor and see the
that he thinks that here and you decide then if the doctor said that you
can take then became known with the Flemish is not the alkaline treatment
out of the package even so we have no proof responsibilities now have to
take at the beginning in a previous protocol your mandetta
it is certain that i could only see message only that i meet a serious and serious patient
but knowing that it doesn't work, there was a study going on, I think it is
under applied investigation an overdose in those who were in serious condition without percent
of death studies is I do not want to talk here to him responsibility nothing right
but it’s not all there isn’t so correct there when I’m here today walking
the case it was changed trade to understand here from the pen not prefect
all by a doctor professionals dream brasilia are five thousand more servers
of the ministry of health 15 thousand a button of pharmaceutical doctors
everything natural and then decide how to change the protocol, I also recommend it in case
take it ready but i give a problem to whoever when i have a
scientific evidence shows a certain and it worked i'm talking pazuello
some want him to leave, right?
miss the ministers of dilma and squid and fernando henrique cardoso I'm with
homesick for that type of minister but still worth fhc dilma and squid is not a
doctor the curiosity canopy here I don't have
today 23 ministries by the nine military ministers without addiction
post I return a key here a captain with president and as addiction g
and military is forbidden in politics military is forbidden to assume
our minister died we don’t have the knee here everybody knows how the
amazons so many other things an extremely balanced person knows with
depth the problems of brazil is the person to be a very difficult one i me
help to him is we have today is fernando that the boy
defense until the government fears the best until the government ends defense is the service
there is no deviation of function to put the civilian in defense is not a deviation of function
started back there to meet the measures the defense 99 when it was when fernando
henrique cardoso created the defense and created it by political imposition and not
necessary military I don't like never liked
the joy was free for three minutes right luiza maria of the times the illness boss who
that's it and evading my military home was also a five-minute book is
boring to work with honest people no felipe cardoso created the defense of heaven
then the fear started, I already said I was going to put a defender in your general
four-star theme started off by putting on a young shorts that is now the gift of
impugnation to the question that the governor mouse what do you think of the general
silva and luna commanding the binational itaipu there what the mayors of the region
so it’s doing an exceptional job to invest last year more
500,000 is cutting spending and construction in the region is
of sinning highways that forming the prison we are making your matte
Paraguay this will stimulate our trade even more
we have here today is a plaque remember I was an interventor in rio de janeiro in
difficult time in the united states has absorbed a year as an intervener and
now akira is the head of the civilian house and doing it is going to be a job
we have man here in the military also minister of mines and
energies making receiving the work in this area so important you know that in the
past people not much habilitation occupied that part of dilma rousseff was
minister of mines and energy just say no more we have the police major here
military df and our secretary general we have the tassist captain
is formed by the military academy of the black needles formed by the ime
tender on camera has a place just for his specialty
contest for approval by the chamber and currently our minister of units
of the structure, we’re going to do exceptional work and your nation’s command there, right beyond the
road network do an exceptional job with respect to the railroad in the
brazil we are resurrecting the railroad in brazil next year will be ready there
the north-south railroad lacked 1,500 km of 30 until next year ends when
pass I had goiás end of his contract is from a company present also the
governor whitewashed that moment hitting ultracenter doing doing whatever possible
a part of that work are always fire the army engineering clone
Brazilian hi hi
we have the captain wagner who is from the singer got back geraldo none of the
did academy also tender is to be gu
and if someone we have, we’ll also be here this year, my friend since 1963 and
I put it there too because it's a friend or whatever I put the enemy there and
slowly, right, from an experience of three years, you spoke
I fluted at the beginning nowadays for exceptional work is together
to the chamber in the federal senate we are going to say that it is military right but the levi that is
there at aggeo's at the military school in porto alegre ours also dear here
paulo guedes is from the military school of porto alegre so we have nine
military ministers 10 attended the military college and the one who took the two
coincidences have here in the costume as a military man you have no problem
the goal of one our minister milton ribeiro made the r health center são paulo
under the effect of the serum from the ministries of Brazil here look
good then facebook 51012 of 87 thousand youtube 26
a thousand young people for more 19 thousand focus of Brazil 9000 there is one more there is also someone
told to speak here scraping radio pampa radio pampa is also on the circuit so
when my live ended here you go to these other networks there radio
etc. let's see if comments are good or not right is for a critical comment
nice positive no problem after all is if i don't want to be
criticized will be a candidate for nothing wrong and here at home
I will not love you take the place of the liquid here in the young pan's people
no way I don’t want to take his place are issues until these four are
so now they are effects and I will help me there in the course nunes that
usa usa and frau vitor brauer josé maria welcome journalism with exemption and
it seems that being exempt in journalism is being bolsonaro has nothing to do with the milestone
civil society and the civil milestone of peace basic element
right guys we go some one from 10 to 16 very important expects the congress
keeps the object that allows the sixth makes it right without bidding stay for even more
30 years in this area
and I will generalize but you know that and that area there is a problem area in
many states and municipalities, right? So it is the private initiative that is very welcome
now if everything went well you play that in sarah we would not have 100
million people in brazil six votes and 35 million water
we expect here not in the short term one in 10 or 15 years is practically
so the problem is close to zero the problems close to zero wait for that
there is a very great hope according to paulo guedes we can have 500 m and 500
billion access the billions of real investment in this area of ​​brazil and
the question soon open the oldest dry seam is back except it won't
answer question I will not want to worry is from your father, right?
I, people from that life behind a password cell phone, are waiting for the wrong word
ours he not to be staying after the first question bearing that the
first question that you are of what uses the
and then and even because it has to count
in some managers and also justice well embargoed in some regions the
reopening of activities we have also heard the speech that the country will have
to live together for a long time the government intends to discuss it again
supreme federal court the issue of freedom of the population
to like the thread of rediscussing I would like ok the decision was of the supreme court
federal if I am not mistaken it was unanimously that all measures
relapses that fell solely on the responsibility of governors and
mayors our participation is basically sending resources to states
and municipalities this we made a country i will say afterwards it was obviously
our budgets was the country that invested the most in this one, I would like a
government to participate is to give an opinion and suggest more account of the power
nobody wants to give up, right, so we were not wanted by
governors or mayors to discuss this issue now mayor often
I wanted to open more than one decree of the governor so he was a long time ago
in são paulo there are always several mayors of ours who were the governor of the corridor
simply decided on the other crop subject, right, and there was friction between
governor this between the governor and mayors the party itself now the
dismantle the economy then unemployment is ok, it’s just we don’t have the program, you know
of that uses in view of the emergency aid 16 real years big fourth
he is starting to pay the fourth installment now and we still have the fifth
expects the economy to splinter back to and now the federal supreme court changes
I hold supreme I don’t want to blame the toffoli days for that, right but we have the
new president here that I that the fux minister who takes over september is
maybe it is with the new minister we can re-discuss this is the subject right is waiting
that the supreme be accessible potion because we can all go wrong because
that the supreme minister cannot get a human being like me with you like
to anyone and I particularly didn't think it was an exaggeration for us there already
completely out of these lactol - val situations it would not be good either that the mayor
this is what the mayor loved
paulinho already make my city here inside the vase there in the ribeira valley
in são paulo there are no more than maybe two thousand people in the center of the city, right
for great urban and everything was closed until the sports lottery here is the nephew
mine is not closed but you have to pay attention to it, there cannot be more than 3 there
inside even when I said that my niece said little pot contains three here
I loose day three in my heart, I used to fire fires, it was already good, you can’t
have three here so now shoe clothing trade house in case
humble starts from there the whole closed relationship two closed and personal
survived a lot practiced in eldorado i will say i don't know but in many
municipalities I am selling yourself through the back door this issue of the person
that not understanding was not a good decision on the part of the ministers of the
supreme federal court that could be revised i the participation of the model until
a collection of the ready good to have been that by decree prohibited
can hold can now what alternative to
the product the tv costs nothing to remember until
Mayor, who is now the largest woman in a public square in Rio de Janeiro for
example the staff women being valued
is the way that vitamin d helps to fight the virus how are you going to
get vitamin d if i don't take a sun then the part that you up to 90 is
stimulated right there and it was not free in that radical way the year that happened in
I get to know you because maybe that he does information life
that for you, right, I’m connected 24 hours a day for example you don’t be the
lady more mine maybe my source of information is better than
act when this panic rifle started allows us people from state x
who called state government personnel in the neighboring state closed not
it will close here too so there is a governor who saw
and close everything has been with santa catarina a person who made a
absurd absurd is right and so it was almost all over Brazil and we always warn
we have two waves, right? It’s the personal life of life, you have to be careful, yes, and all
world knew it ok well manuela disclosed that 80 population once
contracting the virus wouldn't even know that against me
it's just age, your physical condition with mine has been criticized a lot in the past, right
that even opened it was the exchange you that and walking on the plant from time to time
is to be in the hunt a beautiful that the sport that was left for me of my
I was careful, mommy is not working but I didn’t keep that one
panic is one day the virus will arrive now more
late at my house no one is running a sister of my wife is
with me for selfie she’s not vaguely worried but I’ve already said more
soon more side will take there is no way and you will hardly be free of it
now get ready get ready there is no panic life goes on we can't and
destroy a lot by a virus that is there and nobody said in the past that the
these relapse measures is and avoiding getting it wouldn’t make you get more
late so that there was not once their contaminated
and congestion the details and the federal government did its part right
the part spent I indicate all this I will everything, right, but there are no real ones
and now look and give the story will say that it acted correctly or not and who
stimulated panic or not in Brazil and you will have responsibility you super
goddess that you interact with but you’re getting there see a hug until
others we continue augusto nunes the risk group sewing on the street and
relations between brazil and the united states
the current symbol if it is not to say about it then I
I arrived at the congress the camera in 1991 I have ahead of him then he glues itamar
who is the pen took back there the squid dilma the
Brazil since he practically doesn’t fhc the store
hi hi rômulo
and imperialist oppressors saw the treatment the integration here with fhc the
squid and dilma was basically here in south america and that he dictatorships the
all over the world, right, Cuba, African dictatorships, here’s a love, right, with Venezuela, the countries
Bolivarian people there she was a person without much importance to the importance
huge geopolitical its immeasurable riches as well as the arrival I already
I spoke during the campaign here in the next country of the best of us and
the right is and even I will talk here to give a problem
right, give you an example here to give a problem I will not speak the example here
because you are preventing us from making comparisons as we are dealing with examples that
everything is prejudice, right, so here I am, so let's talk
we have to get close to people, right, we're not leaving anybody here in south america
practically right in africa it was possible to do business everybody without problems
we will approach these countries in the pre-campaign I had connections where in the
japan in south korea taiwan taiwan ok i went with my three children so some
nice images to be sending japan me in the hotel there than in the room more than she
three for 24 hours sleeping earlier, can you imagine seeing when night comes
her room okay to see how it worked nothing wet
hit and take off that shirt also in one while I had the
brazil trade in the united states pressure camera i also don't know the
doctor I could have I looked I was worried but she that 12 machines of
candles and in her house or else she extinguishes what days she saw me
and no but nothing was economy ok i am the contact here in football want to play ball
it is the team that plays who plays ball there in the place of economy Paulo Guedes the gang
his and there
yes it is during the campaign recognizing my place giving the message states
united did not give a state military event there is one at the event there a lecture that
I gave it there on the spot there was changed the Brazilian national anthem Mayor continence
to the continental united states flag of respect was criticized here in brazil
sex and any country that is once the flag of falling in love hoisted
lilo the event at the event led to selling my tributes to the flag in that country
easily trump ended up taking notice that I existed is after
elections we go united states so in this three times the job is on
three times with shampoo we started a lot of things some were opened others not
so closed until today is we got something Brazil today is a great
ally this the one thing that done with the defense of denílson fernando
adventus we are getting closer to the data more and more
and now I also hope, right? I hope it's my fans here I will not interfere
in no way can I even gave you like so be it beauty I was the American police
follow in argentina also look how it is more as I cheered for
macri look at how we are, then it's the people, the change has changed, everything is
can change right for better or for worse and opted for the demagogy for the lie
always there then I owe your father your brother there who is in trouble there now
you can talk to more property unfortunately already have entrepreneurs
argentinos going to uruguay coming to brazil here there started that
politics back they spoke to me just now I don't know if it's true is that
and for you to use a credit card outside Argentina, you pay thirty
percent so how do you absurdly personal tax so nationalizing
companies this is another thing that is true not so long ago was
confiscating vehicle on the street using the paneme up for this now story by
trump I'm sure that and let's power it goes a lot ours
relationship now took place on the other side of me I will look again
do something similar if they don't want weakness right Brazil will have
to get by is around here but I think this thing, the commercial has a lot of things
in brazil united states regardless of which republican party
advocacy together power I support your republic 'given the freedom I have
that the trump gave me to call him anytime I might need
here ready for us so hopefully he is trump
right but if you don't give it he will look for
the relationship of our commercial and, after all, the whole world is increasingly
with an eye on brazil and already know augusto nunes who is not just the region
Amazon is not keeping an eye on everything here is the bill in the Senate and being connected
it is allowed here the municipalities seeing their lands to other countries right until the
equivalent to forty percent of your area i like to hit with debated
ask you some everything you think about it is the municipality x there
what can i sell up to forty percent of your land to other countries i
I have to have forty percent of the percentage for a country or not the percentage for a country
and another percentage for another parent so two countries can buy up to forty
percent of the area with us how does brazil look if the given country xyz
start buying land here in brazil we will be the farm of that country is a
concern that you have to have and that weighs is a decision and if not taken but
you have to think about our homeland and thanks for everything ok
zé maria rosa maria a and there
and then the view is that this dispute for the market
and there and there
[Music] Brazil is not cleared for
Hi Hi
[Music] is out playing this story in favor
that Brazil is not there
and there and there
what's up
and Ze Maria at the beginning of the live, I touched on this subject, right?
people are just cheering all right this is the car is quiet there taking ubatuba there
in there was eating german on whatsapp is fried goes and cheering has problem o
problem is that there are hi people the influential month together a whole
part of the media preaching disinformation is preached here the outside company takes
knowledge about that outside that same press takes the published matter
out there that you were a discovery even the crazy republic in here and
then, attacking the government, even talking about the victim, all the time, that's enough.
see that a little while ago, we had environmental paint ministers, there isn’t
problem for his name that was tito so is marina silva is the zequinha
sarney julião on o like carlos minc do boi pirata and then o
that happens at that time there was also a fire in brazil
deforestation day now what these people do not collaborate is right said like this
we can practically solve a large part of this if the measure
provisional land tenure regulation had been voted on and that if I were
voted would have been approved and you would have to know right satellite globe the focus
fire in the survey in question cpmg identifies that the owner of that
then afterwards I go to the area to find out if what has been deforested so far
if it was already allowed, it was deforestation
and even ours the only country in the world that changes that is also the one with the
legal reserve is in the amazon region is the singer doing the for example of me is
what's your mikitas eighty percent 803 can't move it he can move 200
hectares and then you kill everyone there’s no problem except that she looks
so it’s so close, right, if you’re ready for a year, you don’t work almost missing
a lap in active again that you kill yourself in front new say the man
deforestation that you catch deforestation in the latest amazon videos
you've already deforested all of Brazil because the super area is betting on the
another now this information fight we get partly in the media
social media the media only a small beach speaks the truth it seems that I
I was watching a live today, that was doctor glue as well
the clubs i'm going to alexandre garcia is when the guy speaks the truth he said
what reason when you speak the truth here doesn’t happen so it’s practically the same not
can tell the truth things have to get in that wave without
good and when you speak for example deforestation in the amazon region i don't
I don't know what is right here, but almost sixty percent of that in Brazil is right there in the
legal amazon put how are you going to take care of a work like this now
another lie in the forest you are a mine does not catch fire it catches fire in
periphery now stay inside the legal amazon ok i stop who is responsible
forty percent of the fires and many fires is nothing in the same area
every year and it takes too but the north of mato grosso part of rondônia is ok if not
there is a legal amazon in these three states, there are the number of fires and there in
low I'm doing the possible yes the zipper
of the republic the general mourão for sure is the
and he is the chief is the commander there for the conservation of the amazon
and raw we have genius the guarantee of the free environmental dodge had no recourse
today we filed a request for reinforcement at the national congress to vote
started work right now so the size of the region is difficult you
the weather one of the people who beat the sale
in the same right place it’s right and it sets fire to the place is the indigenous is the caboclo
you learn this and send it I didn’t sign it I’ll take a look
of the child yet if you forbidden write from touching fire let's suppose until
the decree arrives at the arrival junk
just pass the button the paper another resolved if not do not make your
traditional agriculture there is no one but if it doesn’t set fire now it won’t
sleep where who else I have a problem for text that fixes the phone bro
and hunting and then I helped by asking
sales sales stay seeing is no problem just crazy is sectional
I really regret that one already gave us the reservation where you don’t measure
words the states spoke looked at his samuel pa what he wants you
regulating a lot is not allowed to those who committed the crime it is not desirable to
half de-bureaucratize velocargas so much complains goes to the field here
also that it is good for coughs I planted there in the past 980 30 that brings
rice there in Mato Grosso do Sul will plant even if stealing candy is
very easy that she is not in the air conditioner I doing a barbecue
on the electric barbecue taking the fun with your belly I will talk beer will
there cargo charge take a tubaína and criticize the card in the field that works
from Sunday to Sunday there is no bad weather for him when the weather is bad that I
I'm going to work delivering the hi production and insurance doesn't always cover everything
what he planted and it’s these country men who are
guaranteeing more savings until the situation that is currently guaranteed by
four consecutive months from the distance post to the export rule of
products that come from the countryside in the mountains so people's lives are not easy
farmer is not easy in Brazil I remember back when I was a boy
when you arrived at the sports lottery in the federal that my father said you wanted
having to buy land today I want to think twice bought a war and
a lot has changed during the pre-campaign I said I wanted to merge
the ministries of environment and agriculture have a very good feeling
in the first moment together with the country man over time we took
knowledge that the ministry would be too heavy for him alone as a
good and we decided to keep lilo both
ministries and picks you up the ministry looks forward to seeing culture who is there
tereza cristina federal deputy of the democrats and mato grosso do sul looks at the
work here at the lady does is unbelievable right I wanted to even put a
her nickname she may not like it I put an atomic ant on it that there that I
mind is always a channel all over the world it opens the market for brazil we are
importing the world more and more we all feed agribusiness one more
million is another billion people have thing
better than that and well when we have the goal of relief in that they started to
direct to import thing two so as not to depend only on one country as it is
what can the country say that agriculture is incipient, right?
there and the soil will also depend on just one country i am opening the market
for famous to find india the good market then until a second on wanke 49
countries opened trade with us, it’s only in front of the Christianity that was
indicated by the ruralist bench arruda we speak but you cannot put
deputy with the roll with the vinícius then I went back to training that we go and another
why voting for me was a deputy too
well then see if you answer that answered answer here daughter carlos
as soon as you want him to leave another story, right for me, I'm doing
exceptional work and in some I think that being less environmentally friendly
suffocate by passing a fine imposed on whoever is in the law the fine
last case arrives in the rural producer has a problem you talk warns
shows it guides you when you come back after some time there if
persist in the mistake of doing back to speak of noticed the machine
it is difficult to accomplish disassembled anything it's just that you're doing the right thing or not
can the owner whatever the urban or rural producer the habit goes there
know you have please and that code selection what we did
here in Brazil is to follow the law
and today the coast on
the president good night every day the policy to combat the government plan
was the target of some criticism including from a supreme court minister
federal gilmar mendes he said the armed forces were associating with
a genocide wanted to know your assessment of politics so far and
mainly about the future your studies in the face of these criticisms show studies
some change in the way of fighting the coronavirus the criticisms we changed the
plans specifically by the ministry of
the sound of today the constructive criticism without income
and this collection of the month of May is to have a blue note on the defense
important is this and on my part i'm done with it, let me wash it
my working azevedo wilson will be less right i talked to
the moment the overweight phone here to receive me tomorrow sorry here ok
not reveal the content of the conversation but I talked to him
there was a contact between children one even if the link makes the mistake in this conversation
it is also right here what we want is a solution is it right who is the general
he is a general access division ok so until today here no fake news a
my whole back saying that he wants to say that he intends to get there
diesel army general merval pereira access that makes a story like
if he were the owner of the truth marcelo heap of contradictions here does he
cannot be promoted i wish the trend market the limit the
career is division general now the is much better I don't know how to talk to
governors were also very preferred that they have asked for help from the
ministry of health regarding material is being readily attended
we have mayor and special mayor governor who has been in contact with
his health and asking for the exotic routine and he smooths it right obviously will continue
trying aspect has also attended you talk to the deputy and senator
of the same thing forming the ill be there some parliamentarians still with regard to
resource of some billions that we are second for states and municipalities ok
today our follow the technical criterion ok problem happened and it was solved
the problem within the Brazilian parliament has no problem and if
make today of a mother wants Tijuca parliamentarians the governor uses the
mayor who gets in touch with the deadline and you will see who it is
and it is positive positive there is no doctor okay I do not know that my goal now
which I always think a manager is really needed here at the doctor in
in health is excellent scholarship our doctor and jesus excellent but unfortunately
screen i'm not have the top part seriously
good morning from health professionals with him i'm going to 15 military there i know who
are the 15 minutes are people who follow the name of your career because if I am
manager me 2016 the big management the father of the rio olympics takes his car
it was complicated there, who knows, right, here is the politician to manage your business, right and
even problems and assumed it worked out was a successful January cleanup after
also have, but it is not possible at the time of the operation hosted in roraima, it is so
success problem had had suffering invader right venerating him fleeing from hunger
of misery and violence also practiced by a grandfather nagle duda he
took charge of this operation and managed to do what was possible and
praised by the UN for his work he also as an interventor in addition to roraima
he was secretary of economics doing economics okay and did another job
there in the government of roraima is calling even before the skinny take over and a
condemned party is also more exceptional so a right person in the
right place you can see who asked that there was brom who
the good sobral wave worked, I don’t want to point it out if it’s obviously right
is deviations and misdeeds would be given in any ministry then we call the
beginning of conversation that sometimes up to a month doesn’t know that resolves this issue
now this demilitarization story is not even there, you already give
a public opinion poll on them military are very well evaluated here
as a minister although we have excellent service here this service I
I said and the boy, Marcelo António, makes a
tire work not touching laughter understood to use right to talk a question in the
waters was making an exception to the work there ricardo salles himself our
minister there gives the andré of justice I am the minister I work in silence
extremely competent the pride populated riverside city miracatu are
paulo in exceptional work the levi also that
in some they want it to be more aggressive or the lawyer's job is to show this
solution is not to show up flapping screaming is not this for him it makes a
very good job also helps me go from the beginning maybe you have the
guys, put it in this life, that's it in their relationships, the exceptional guy is
really exceptional, everything I talk about seems to me to be my brother
twin who hits it perfectly if he has to leave I have to leave
ok too but let's work example look at the work of damares my god in heaven
a ministry you take notice of and the ministry of the woman's mine
family human rights is just a problem of the line gives more takes that with a
exceptional mastery the mix itself in there in the citizenship also what they said
that huge comes from the family or aluminum bag and 190 national from our rogério
marine I had a lot of activity with him these days I couldn't turn blue
virus in the special northeastern region I had with him a work that
started back there spent three times more than our boy’s show scheduled I
end in its end its finally completed we are completing works
where i should tell me conclude works that extension there
is there from Ceará will meet already Tina will understand all is attending already will
meet 12 million people he had now in white water district over there
is not playing we are also inaugurating collection of water right it is so we are
retiring the water tanker gas the water tanker almost 1 billion a year and is a
slavery because it is in the hands of many are not all but because of that
places and he had it now when he put all
player had arthur lira from pt who was from my party her party behind
also in some ways and we are going to go back to the Northeast
right I said that twice a week but not for me the week has half
a dozen days, right, on Sunday, I stay at home, give a woman here, the animal gets it, right?
ready two days a week we will inaugurate works that have already started again
to inaugurate to show up is to have lunch what are you doing
depending on the local media you do not appear on this slide
and the mdf 20 thousand works from brazil so for example put now beginning of august
ending the collection of the virus a take that average enjoyment i will take a walk in the valley
from the riverside I will pause in São Vicente to see them, the beak is done
his work of recovering a local bridge that the bridge there was that
agitated and had no recourse is not a bridge that we have a running state
so the deputy valley rosana rosana vessels that occurred at the time and we
then we decided to join carlos who was the nefi minister so we got 50
minas gerais new attraction of black let’s take a look at the work already opened i think
partially the bridge we also go on the side also the rosana valle is also
there was a demand for her, she specialized in finding a problem for us, right and we
we have to solve it is the deputy's job like that but we have to solve
through the tancredo neves group in sã oi vó
and the works have already started there I was screwed I don't know how many years we go there gives a
look at the work and say that the one who died is praising the deputy who had the
initiative to act find out that I was going I didn't know he said set
tancredo neves abandons so long there home system let's try to get there day
in the port of santos we can the new president there the birau also the work
exceptional there in the port of santos highly around black novel and
other people we are also going to take a look at the with distance and what is the way
there what he is doing the port is potential to go to visit and works
in the riverside neighborhood we have a bridge, ok, you don’t have a batatal, it’s the planet’s mine
city ​​asking for nothing for the local residents that the budget came to when
I found out I was only in the budget on the matter so here we go see the em
pariquera-açu help white help let's also see the mobile war team of
mayor of cajati what to connect your first war shot of the valley of the
riverside after 30 years 90 also hollow and is hollow to ask and the band from São Paulo
visiting my mother is 93 years old all the care in the world that she shaking
risk group, right, my mother there, he really misses you, right?
then until the slave who comes back along the way you with children and the sergeant
attention lab and slam the phone in my face two
in itapira itapira itapira itapira itapira itapira itapira itapira se
show jesus now i'm going to make coffee and i said it was the president he
hit the phone at my house got the duplicate do another one together i'm going to
give you the number here the cell phone even ask to talk in the image he doesn't
believed it okay I'll stop there a hug the mayor
and take the municipalities of the ribeira valley via the deputy he was there, you know, take the order
for mobizera respirators personal health everyone asks using things not
meets political request for analysis of life so how is the city of the valley the
right, analyze the request there from the frederico da agua to a state deputy and
tomorrow afternoon contact us for local health in case of need we will
vacuum cleaners there then delivery of titles to be present to present them
cuts cuts dating I will not start delivering assets from the reform in the throat is
this right here the soon I come back twice city and sinop and smile bush
Grosso Mato Grosso has many thanks with these new ones I will go there too
start a cotton crop more will not date go there does
the cotton national crutch with letter in the photo is not a new life is
present and if god wants and we will take this to the forefront we don't have everything
to work it out we have a serious problem that ahead of us the destruction of
jobs is a reality let's play hard there we go chasing congratulations to
economic team was scheduling the possible husband not only the informal ones have
as companies the role and that's it guys one thing
that is the fish something that did not appear I go on
the past obtains here a square of the special force in the Brasileirão, lieutenant amorim
they even made a lot of images is for him to scold me our presence there was there
of my continence for him are the last heroes we saw we have there in
lieutenant amorim here at the federal site died in a logically I can't
accompanies its its latest by selling some employees of the situation that that
find me at the moment here so the attractive amorim family what a god there
strong to you and I'm sure he will be with the creator at some point
looking out for all of us but one thing i am very thank you until next week
hello welcome to eva and see you next week
I'm not talking about doing advertising, doing advertising is not advertising
you don’t have to look for a doctor in and like it here and the read is there
hi ok